Sir, the people from Doordarshan
are here.
They want your reaction
on the budget.
- Good morning, sir.
- Good morning.
- You want a reaction, right?
- Yes, sir.
Sure, I'll give it. But...
...first, let's go outside.
The weather is great today.
- Come.
- Please.
Check, one, two, three.
Am I audible?
SBI is visible
in the background, right?
Okay then. Let's start.
Sir, this talk about a raid,
is it true?
If I say yes, will you interview me
on that or on the budget?
No, sir. The interview will only be
on the budget.
Then relax and take a deep breath.
The wind is going to
change direction.
No doubt, it's a great budget.
The government is listening
to the market.
'And mark my words.'
'Liberalisation is just the start.
It's just a beginning.'
'Now, India will rise too.'
'And stand proudly...'
'...at par with the world'
'People always ask me for tips
on investment.'
'Though I never give out
a tip for free...'
'...but because the market has opened today,
I'll give you an auspicious tip.'
'Invest in India.'
'Put your money on India.
Because India is going to scale new heights.'
[Reporter] 'Sir, you have brought about a
momentous rise in the stock market.'
'Do you think it will
explode after the budget?'
'Look, I don't smoke...'
'...But I always carry a lighter
in my pocket.'
'Just to cause an explosion.'
[Title Montage]
Gentlemen.
- The Sensex has crossed 3000 points.
-[applauds]
Let... Let me tell you what I think
about this personally.
According to my experience...
...a boom like this
is highly speculative.
So, I would advise institutions...
...to seriously think...
...of selling right now.
I'm sure most of you would agree
that this is the right time...
...to book profits.
And not just institutions...
...I would say the stock markets...
...should take immediate steps
to cool down the market.
Which has been overheated by...
...excessive speculation
on some shares.
[applauds]
- 'Sir?'
- 'Hmm?'
Do you really think...
...the institutions
will listen to you?
I mean, from what I hear...
There are rumours...
...that they only listen to
the stockbrokers and market players.
Stockbroker?
Yes, sir. Stockbroker,
to be precise just one person.
One and only, The Big Bull.
And what is SEBI doing about it?
What can SEBI do, sir?
They are just rumours.
What can we do
without facts and proofs?
What power does SEBI have?
We're just a non-statutory body.
You know that.
But sir...
...RBI has powers.
Though you need not investigate
necessarily by the books.
Anyway, who maintains the books
these days, sir? Nobody.
See you.
Good morning, Sir.
This way please.
Ah!
So, they put us all
on the same flight, huh? Thats good.
That was quite a speech out there.
Oh!
You mustn't have liked it.
After all, you are
our original Big Bull.
I am observing this bull run
from a bull's perspective.
The market believes in the government's
economic liberalisation policies.
It just demonstrates that.
This bull run is spontaneous.
Right now, we shouldn't do anything
that can disturb the market.
[Pherwani] 'And... you know I have been
in this market all my life.'
I've never seen the central bank
stepping in during a bull run.
I partially agree with you.
But this can only happen when the money
goes to the productive sector.
[Venkitarajan ] 'With the current amount of speculation,
all the money is being sucked out of there.'
So, it makes perfect sense for the central bank
to step in and make enquiries.
This too is for the good of the nation.
-[Woman] 'Excuse me, sir.'
- Yeah?
'I think you're in my seat.'
Really? I... I'm sorry.
- I'm so sorry.
- 'That's okay.'
Hey! Tyagu! Thanks for coming.
Great to see you.
I didn't see a Lexus
in the parking lot.
I thought you would have
invited everyone.
I did.
But apparently, he's busy.
Ashwin was supposed to come,
but I don't see him either.
- Good evening.
- Good evening, gentlemen. Good evening.
Oh!
So, which stocks are you playing with?
Or shall I say, hustling?
Tip.
There are only two gems
in the market.
Polo and ACC.
And let me guess, Mr. Maheshwari.
You are short on both, right?
I don't see any other way.
Polo has a P/E of 70 and ACC, 85.
At a P/E of 40,
we should sell a stock.
I have no idea why anybody would
be long on those.
They are truly overpriced, I believe.
A high P/E scrip will earn you
more money than a low P/E scrip.
According to Harshad, of course.
Which means, R. K.,
your theory is obsolete.
Oh, yes.
Forget him.
He talks rubbish.
He can even make a deaf man's
ears bleed.
He thinks he's
the rockstar of the market.
He walks around with
a bodyguard, my friend.
Forget a rockstar, he thinks he is
no less than Bachchan.
'Seems like everybody
is missing Harshad.'
He seems to be the hot
topic of the party.
Actually, we were missing you.
We were just discussing...
...Harshad's stock market
theories.
What theories?
Every morning he makes up a new theory...
...and feeds it to everyone
from the media to the market...
...and pushes the market up by
channelizing illegal funds.
Right.
But he will fall.
Both he and the market, will fall.
This can't be sustained.
Even the RBI governor was talking
about it the other day.
And see. After he spoke about it...
...the market did fall
by 400 points in two days?
But not enough,
it needs to correct more.
Look, we have been holding our short
positions for the past six months.
If this bull run continues
for one more month...
...we'll be left with nothing.
We're facing losses daily.
We can't take it anymore.
If this goes on any longer...
...we'll have to sell ourselves
in the red light district.
If you don't get a place there
you can come here...
...to Sonagacchi.
But hey listen, on a serious note,
you must talk to the RBI governor.
They should try to find out
what's going on.
All of Harshad's sources are dubious.
He's a bloody street-seller.
Sir, I am glad you are taking
an active interest in the market.
Your speech has made a great impact
in the market.
Yeah, I know.
Our responsibility is towards
the small retail investors.
'They are the most vulnerable.'
'The present trends
are misleading for them.'
When the bubble bursts...
...there will be blood
on the streets.
True.
I've no idea what's going on.
On one hand, these illegal activities
in the money market...
...and on the other,
the stock market boom.
[Venkitarajan ] 'There is no money
in the system.'
And yet, Harshad continues to
buy shares worth crores.
Tell me...
What are Harshad's sources of funds?
Rumour says it could be anything.
'Smugglers, film stars,
drug lords, underworld.'
I doubt it's any of that.
A few days back, there was
an income tax raid at Harshad's place.
You can speak to them if you want.
They may have found something.
Sir, he knew everything.
Everything. When, where, how...
Which route
we were coming by...
I mean, he also knew how many
potholes we would cross.
He had arranged South-Indian
snacks for us.
Obviously, we weren't going
to find any documents.
He had hidden everything
before we reached.
And when our team reached Growmore...
...they were told that
all the documents are in the computer.
But nobody knew the password.
And the computer operator
was on leave.
His father conveniently died
the same day.
So he had gone to his village.
And hasn't come back
to Bombay ever since.
I don't think he's coming back.
Exactly, sir.
That's why, we've called in an expert
from Coimbatore to crack it.
But he's saying that
it will take some more time.
There must be some way
to find the source of his funds.
I mean, any physical evidence or...
There must be something?
Nothing as of now, sir.
But his SBI account.
There's a lot of activity in that.
A lot of money is coming in.
So, if we can trail the money,
I think we can find the real source.
Alright.
- Keep me regularly updated on this.
- Sure, sir.
Even if the information seems useless...
- ...I still want a regular update.
- Yes, sir.
Keep me posted.
Sir... Are you leaving, sir?
- What happened? Anything urgent?
- Sir, uh...
- Uh... Leave the bag in the car.
- Yes, sir.
- Yeah. What is it? Anything urgent?
- Sir, you had asked SBI Bombay...
...main branch to send the details
of Harshad Mehta's current account.
Sir, we just got the statement.
- And?
- Sir...
I think you should
see it yourself, sir.
- Oh, God! Okay.
- Sir... Thank you, sir.
This is startling.
So much movement in an
individual's current account?
Sir, 30 to 40 crores are like loose change.
All transfer entries are in crores.
Sir, 9th March balance was...
This one, sir... 186 crores.
Goiporia knows?
[Ghosh] 'Sir, he's the chairman of SBI.'
He's getting the vouchers
scrutinised tomorrow.
Then, these funds...
...from where they're coming,
and where they're going...
...we'll know everything.
Listen... Listen, Amitav.
Our officers should also scrutinize
these entries.
- Do this parallelly. This is top priority.
- Sir.
I'd like to share this statement
with the finance minister.
Secondly...
Send a note to Goiporia.
Tell him to put Harshad's account
under constant monitoring.
Hello, how are you, Amrik brother?
All okay?
Didn't I tell you
that Polo is going to rock?
I hope your father is happy now?
He's happy, Harshad Bhai.
But like I said, he's a little old school.
He's worried that...
Seeing such a rise...
...won't investors start
asking questions?
Bhai, People only question
when they face losses.
Nobody asks anything when
they are making profits.
And people haven't even seen
the real rise yet.
Ask your father to relax.
Okay, listen. I'll be in Delhi,
next week.
Let's chat more
once we meet?
Sure, we'll be waiting.
Okay, Jai Shree Kri...
Sat Sri Akaal.
Sat Sri Akaal, talk to you soon.
Come on.
Swim without the floater.
Come on!
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Sir?
Sir, he says it's important.
So annoying!
- Hello?
- Hello, sir. It's Sitaraman.
Tell me, Sita's Raman!
To what do I owe this pleasure?
[Sitaraman] 'Sir...
Sorry to disturb you.'
But it's urgent, sir.
There's a problem.
Do you get a salary for worrying
or doing your job?
You're always high on worry.
[Sitaraman] 'Sir, there's
a reason to worry.'
Goiporia sir has called
for your statements.
[Sitaraman] 'I heard that the
order came directly from RBI.'
'Sir, what if they get to know?
I'm feeling very worried, sir.'
Please settle all our accounts
as soon as possible. Please.
'If they come to know...'
Sir.
I'm feeling very afraid, sir.
- Hey, Pappa!
-[Sitaraman] 'Hello, sir?'
- Did you see? I just swam four laps.
You never see what's
in front of you.
Forget it.
Why don't you answer?
[Harshad] 'Am I new
to this business?'
Is this the first time
I'm asking you for a roll-over?
How can it be rolled over, sir?
This time, it's very difficult.
A hawk's eye is on your account, sir.
Every page is being scrutinised.
- And sir...
- I know, tomorrow is the expiry date.
That's what I'm saying, sir.
Tomorrow is the expiry date.
It's an entry of 170 crores.
You haven't even given me the BRs.
I'm very scared, sir.
What if someone comes to know?
I'm getting heartburn just thinking of it.
Then burp and move on, Sitaraman ji.
Sir, I don't care.
I want 170 crores right now. That's it.
- 170 crores?
- Yes, sir.
- In one day?
- Has your brain curdled?
- Ye...
- No, sir.
- Bhushan, calm down.
How can I keep calm?
[Bhushan] 'If we pull it out from the market
then we'll be in deep shit.'
Our a**e will look like
a cave, brother!
[Bhushan] 'This is not the time
to dole money out, you know it well.'
Sensex has dropped by 400 points
because of this Venkitarajan .
It has gone from 3500 to 3100.
Brother, come up with some other plan
for this 170 crores, that's it.
Sir, the 170 crores is nothing.
What if this 170 crores
leads them to those 500 crores?
- Sir... Sir, please try to under...
- I know.
I know I took it last year.
Calm down.
You will get your 170 crores.
But the 500 crores, must stay
out of the books.
- Out of the books?
- Yes.
I will handle the PDO.
- You wanted to hold your son's
tonsuring ceremony, right? - Huh?
- Yes.
- You wanted to go, right?
Did you get leave?
- Yes.
- Great. Where are you going?
- Palani, near Coimbatore.
- Wow!
So, go by air. You and your family.
- Bhushan?
- Yes?
[Harshad] 'Arrange for his travel
and stay.'
Yeah, sure.
Have fun!
Hey, Chavan.
The office has closed
and you're eating now!
Hey, Sitaram have a seat.
Come, eat with us.
No, thanks. You go on.
I have some work.
I have to make an entry
in the ledger.
- Okay, I'll come with you.
- No...
You please eat.
I'll manage.
- No, that's okay. I'll come.
- No, please sit.
- No problem...
- Sure?
- Sure. Sit...
- Okay.
Thank you...
Okay, tell me something.
Why is the RBI Governor...
...shoving his horns
into the share market like a bull?
He can shove them wherever he wants.
But why is he butting into my SBI account?
He's only entered the account now.
Soon he will be up our a**.
- Why are you cussing at home?
- Because this time it is serious.
You've gone mad for money.
You keep chanting 'money, money, money...'
all the time.
If not from here then from there,
if not there then elsewhere.
How much will you
hustle, Harshad?
In trying to save one,
you'll break at a hundred more.
I had warned you.
Harshad, you've become so big
that now, big people are after you.
- Do you get that?
- I get everything.
If you get it, then before it's too late,
settle everything Bhai.
You think you're digging a gold-mine.
But it can turn into your grave.
Do you realise?
Hey, Shashi Kapoor, calm down.
Calm down. That's not how it works.
Wait.
Do one thing, go meet
the RBI governor.
Speak with him.
Try to read what's on his mind.
- Simple.
- Simple!
He's just waiting with a bouquet
to welcome us, isn't he?
If he's not, then we will make him.
We'll get friends in
Delhi to call him.
I'll have some jalebis.
[Harshad] 'Look, sir.
Believe me...'
...India's foreign
and domestic debt problem...
...can only be solved by the capital markets
and direct portfolio investments.
Mr. Mehta, I've heard about your
multiple theories.
But this is exceptionally wrong.
Incorrect. Absolutely incorrect.
Longterm securities can be created
on the balance of payments front...
...only when the economy
grows exponentially.
[Venkitarajan ] 'Or...'
'...when forex-guzzling expenditure
like petroleum import is reduced.'
- You get my point?
- I absolutely get your point.
But if you just give me two hours...
...I will explain you everything
point by point.
[Harshad] 'You see even
Mr. Krishnamurthy liked my ideas.'
Oh, yes! He was in awe of you.
Almost forced me to meet you.
I couldn't refuse. After all he is
a member of the planning commission.
[Harshad] 'That's really kind of you,
sir.'
I am sure that I can
convince you a 100 percent.
Just give me two hours.
Mr. Mehta, I'd...
...love to give you two hours
to listen to you and...
...ten more minutes
to prove you wrong.
But frankly...
...I don't want to waste
my time or yours.
Is there anything else, Mr. Mehta?
I have a request.
- If you could talk to SBI...
- What should I talk to SBI about?
They listen only to you these days,
don't they?
And they are really being
difficult with me now.
Because they are getting all
the instructions from your office.
Mr. Mehta, I am really getting late
for my next meeting.
So, if you could kindly excuse me.
Goodbye.
- 'Sir?'
-[Khemani] 'Yes, tell me.'
We thought this might be
a regular calculation error.
It happens, during
the reconciliation.
But sir, this time it's not a small error,
it looks like a big one.
Can you please elaborate?
Sir, look at this.
Our books show...
...securities
worth 1744 crores.
[Khemani] 'Wait a minute...'
- How much do our books show?
-[Kamat] '1,744 crores.'
- 1744 crores?
- Yes.
And the RBI statement
sent by the PDO...
[Kamat] '...those records show that we have securities
worth only 1,670 crores.'
1,670.
So, there's a difference of 74 crores.
Sir, this 74 crore difference...
...we thought it was a calculation error
and checked the accounts...
We were trying to figure it out,
but...
But what?
RBI's figure is not 1,670 crores.
- It's 1,170 crores.
- 1,170...
- 1,170?
-[Kamat] 'Yes.'
Sir, this is not a calculation error.
574 crores are missing
from our accounts.
- What?
- 'Yes, sir.'
But this statement has come
from PDO, right?
-[Kamat] 'Yes.'
- Show me.
1,670. It's written right here.
[Kamat] 'Sir, look at it carefully.'
'Here. 'One' has been overwritten
to make it look like a 'Six'.'
'See.'
Sitaraman?
Sir, he's the one who
brought the files from RBI.
[mumbling] Five hundred crore is a big sum.
So, does Sitaraman have Bank Receipts
or securities against this?
- Yes or no?
- 'Sir...'
Kamat?
Not sure, sir.
Sitaraman is on leave since yesterday.
Actually sir, it's his son's tonsure ceremony.
'So, he's gone to Palani,
near Coimbatore.'
Spare me the details.
Go immediately. Check his desk,
cupboards, files... everything.
If you have to break the locks,
do it. Go!
Okay, sir.
Hit it with the rod.
- Yeah, like that.
- Hit it.
[Kamat] 'Ah, yes.'
What happened?
- Did you find anything?
- No sir, nothing yet.
Come with me.
Is sir in?
- He just left.
- Where did he go?
Downstairs. He just left.
Sir! Sir! Sir!
- Where the hell is Sitaraman?
- He's gone to the village.
He's on leave. We even broke his locker.
But nothing...
I'm afraid, it's a clear case
of fraud, sir.
F**k!
Has anyone spoken to him?
- No.
- Let's not panic right now, Khemani.
First, bring him back.
This Sitaraman, he works under you, right?
Cancel his leave.
Sir, he's in Palani, near Coimbatore.
- It's his son's tonsure...
- Palani or Paris. I don't care.
Bring him back.
He's your responsibility.
Should we inform chairman sir?
We need all the other details
before that.
First priority is Sitaraman.
Okay?
Please leave right now!
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Ah, thank you.
[Krishnan]
'Rajan. Our security officer, sir.'
'His team has been looking for Sitaraman
since yesterday, sir.'
- Did you find him?
- No, sir. - No, sir.
But don't worry, sir.
Lord Murugan is with us.
[Krishnan chanting mantra]
Let's do one thing.
Let's trap him at the temple.
[temple bell chiming]
[temple music playing]
Sir!
S-Sir...
You came, sir!
I invited the entire office, sir...
...but only you came.
Thank you so much, sir.
I have come alone, for now.
Everyone else is
waiting for you in Bombay.
Do one thing. Leave this here
and come with me. I need to talk to you.
- Right now, sir?
- Yes, keep it. Come.
Keep it. Come.
Take his family to the hotel.
-[Krishnan] 'Okay, sir.'
-[Kamat] 'Bhabhi ji, we'll be back.'
- 'Come on, Sitaraman.'
-[Sitaraman] 'Sir...'
Sir, they are packing.
Packing, sir?
What happened, sir?
You've come all the way...
- Any problem?
- Any problem!?
Was I bitten by a mad dog, to follow you
all the way here, without a problem?
What problem, sir?
Five hundred crores.
Oh. Sir, that 500 crore
is no problem at all, Sir.
I have a complete record
of it, sir.
Accounts, details, everything, sir.
Actually, I left in a hurry because of
my son's ceremony. So, I forgot.
- I will manage it once I return...
-[chair screeching]
- You forgot?
- Sorry, sir.
You forgot to account for 500 crores!?
Very sorry, sir.
I will manage, sir.
- What will you manage?
- I...
Huh?
I didn't mean that, sir.
By manage, I mean...
-[chair screeching]
- It's... I...
- I was on leave...
- Leave?
Forget your leave, okay?
I'll be back on Thursday, sir.
I have flight tickets
from Madras. With family...
We will also take you by flight.
You and your family.
Get ready.
No, sir.
I'm very sorry...
...But, I don't have the SGL, sir.
Sit here.
Sit!
He told Kamat yesterday
that he has the SGL.
Hmm?
Did you or didn't you?
- Did you or didn't you?!
- I did, Sir.
- Then?
- But, I was really scared then, sir.
- Also, my family was with me...
- Your family isn't here right now.
Tell me clearly.
Why don't you have the SGL?
Look, Sitaraman. We're not talking
about 500 rupees.
Five hundred crores are missing
from our books.
You can go to jail for this.
And once you go to jail,
they'll beat you black and blue.
BRs are there, sir.
What?
BRs.
Speak clearly!
BRs are there, sir.
[Khemani] 'BRs are there?'
Sitaraman, why didn't you say
that all this while?
Have you stuffed
something in your mouth?
You could've said this earlier.
Kamat?
You collect all the BRs
from him, immediately.
- Right sir. Come on.
- BRs are not with me, sir.
I'll give you one tight slap!
Are you on drugs?
He just said, didn't he...
You just said... five seconds back...
...that you have the BRs.
Are you okay? Huh?
Sitaraman.
Are you feeling fine?
BRs are there, sir.
But they are not with me.
[Sudhakar] 'Whom are they with?'
Harshad Mehta.
Some plants need more water.
Like those ones.
Go and water them.
There. Right there.
- Good morning, sir.
- Hello, sir.
Harshad?
Yes, sir.
Securities were supposed
to come from PNB.
So why didn't they come?
No. That's what Harshad had told...
- ...to Sitaraman...
- To hell with Sitaraman.
Did you speak with PNB directly?
- We spoke to... and...
- And?
Sir, the money never reached PNB.
- So, why would they give...?
- It never reached?
I don't understand.
- [Khemani] 'Actually, sir...'
-[Khemani clears throat]
The cheques were issued
in Mr. Mehta's name.
[Khemani] 'He took the money from us,
but didn't give it to them.'
So, we didn't receive the securities.
And that's the reason, sir...
...we are short on 500 crore rupees.
[Sudhakar] 'We're doing
an internal enquiry sir. But...'
...the priority is that we should
recover the money from Harshad.
Sir, I think, you should
speak with him.
I mean, if you speak...
- Khemani...
- ...it will build some pressure...
Khemani, look at me.
Who do you think you're talking to?
- No, sir. I was saying...
- Do I look like...
...a recovery agent to you, Khemani?
Tell me...
- No sir, what I meant to say...
- Shut up, Khemani.
I am the chairman of
the largest bank in this country.
[Khemani] 'Yes, sir.'
I deal directly with the government
on the finance policy.
Yes, sir.
[Goiporia] 'I deal directly
with the finance minister.'
And today, you are telling me
to deal with some middle-man...
...who has shown you
the middle finger?
Khemani, you created this mess,
you handle it.
[Harshad] 'It's simple, sir.
I took the BRs from Sitaraman.'
Obviously, so that
I can get SGL from PNB.
- And what happened then?
- What happened?
I reached office with the BRs
but the IT guys did a raid there.
They came with a huge squad.
It's all still sealed.
Circumstances are such, that though
I have BRs, I can't do anything.
So what if you've been raided?
What does SBI have to do with it?
We have to follow the rules, don't we?
I want my books to be clean,
Mr. Mehta.
[knock on the door]
What is it? Who called for tea?
[Peon] 'Sir, I saw sir here.
So, I thought...'
Keep it here, buddy.
Here.
[Harshad] 'Do you have
those cashew cookies?'
[Peon] 'Yes, sir.'
- Bring those also.
- 'In a minute, sir.'
Sir, I know my books very well.
And you know,
in the last five years...
...SBI and I have done
lots of business together.
17,000 crores. It's not a
small amount, sir.
Huh?
And how much profit did
SBI make from it?
At least 200 crores?
Now suddenly you're saying that
I will disappear with your 500 crores?
Come on, sir. You know me.
I'm an honest man.
What do I do
with your honesty?
Can I write on my statement..?
'Mr. Mehta is an honest person.'
Let's make it very clear, Mr. Mehta.
Either give me the BRs
or the securities.
Or else, return
the entire amount immediately.
Okay, let's say I'm the bad guy.
But you're a good man, right?
Then be good.
Give me one week.
I'll settle everything.
[Peon] 'Sir.'
Buddy, SBI's tea
was very bitter today.
Ask them to add some sugar.
Drive me home, buddy.
'Harshad is home.'
'Will you eat, son?'
Harshad.
Don't just sit silently,
Bhai.
Talk to me.
Tell me in detail.
What should I tell you?
If I say anything,
you'll start lecturing me again.
You relax. I'm figuring it out.
Look, Bhai.
I know I got very angry
the other day.
But that wasn't my anger.
It was my fear.
Okay forget that. Tell me.
how much time have you bought?
A week.
Only a week?
On one hand, this IT raid.
And on the other,
that RBI Governor.
Now, a new problem
with SBI.
And, all of it just when...
...we need money to
keep the market up.
When your luck is bad, you can lose
a fight even to a monkey.
It's not just one monkey this time.
- It's an army of monkeys, Harshad.
- No.
Not the monkeys,
it's an army of bears.
Those bloody bears are after me.
But that's okay.
We are just as strong.
Like Hanuman.
If they set fire to my tail,
I will set their kingdom ablaze.
Aren't you asleep?
Go to sleep
or you'll get dark circles.
You're also awake, aren't you?
I'm just lying down.
[Jyoti sighs]
Did you forget?
'Never lie to the night.'
'The night holds all our secrets.'
- Can I tell you a secret?
- Yes.
I like you a lot.
Really?
Swear on your market?
AK, I've found out
from my sources.
This SBI matter is serious.
Harshad could be in a big soup.
And the amount is 500 crores.
And what is SBI doing
about it?
He has been given a deadline
to return all the money.
[Ajay] 'Five hundred crores?'
The market will not open for
a few days because of the strike.
[Tyagi] 'Yeah'.
He can't get the money
by trading there...
...because he can't trade there.
I think this is the time
to strangle him.
You think he will come to you?
He has to.
Who else can he go to?
Who else will give him 500 crores?
Nobody has the capacity
to buy his holdings.
He'll have to sell them all to us.
And at the price that we quote.
He asked for one more week...
...and he got it.
Now what?
Do you know
what we are being made to look like?
Bloody fools. What do we do now?
We should file
an official police complaint, sir.
Shut up, Khemani.
I will talk to Harshad.
You're just wasting time.
There won't be any settlement
between SEBI and the brokers.
This strike will go on
for a few days more.
Look...
Stopping doesn't mean
you've given up.
The solution for SBI
is right in front of you.
You have so many holdings.
Sell them and get rid of the problem.
-[Pranav] 'It's simple.'
- Pranav is right.
That Goiporia has been continuously
threatening to tell RBI.
He won't even open his mouth.
If he does,
SBI will also be in a soup.
[Ashwin] 'What do we care
what happens to SBI?'
The further we get caught up in this,
the more trouble we'll be in.
You know what?
I will talk to Tyagu.
A bit of spit and polish.
And, he'll give you a fair deal.
He won't give a fair deal,
he'll give a f**ked deal.
- I will never go to Citibank.
- Let's go to someone else.
How about SBI Capital Markets?
Let's sell our holdings to them
and square off our position with SBI.
- What do you say?
- You're right.
What's right about this?
Sell everything?
And what about
the capital gains tax?
The IT department
is already up our noses.
I won't let them make a penny
out of me.
Forget pennies.
We're talking about 500 crores.
Do you even understand?
- Hari Om, Swami ji.
-[Swami] 'Hari Om.'
You had asked me to call.
We have debated your problem.
Don't worry.
[Swami] 'Your work will be done.'
- But, how?
- National Housing Bank.
[swami] 'Your solution lies there.'
National Housing Bank?
Do you know who
the chairman is?
Pherwani. I know.
Pherwani and I don't get
along at all, Swami ji.
When he was in UTI, he didn't
give me a penny's business.
He runs away on hearing my name.
[Swami] 'It's a difference
of opinions.'
'We'll clear out
your differences.'
Hari Om, Swami ji.
[Swami] 'Hari Om.'
Hari Om.
[Pherwani exhaling]
I knew... this is where I would
see the real bull-run.
Can I finish my run?
Everyone is running.
What's important is...
where do they want to reach?
Mr. Mehta...
Can I jog?
We'll meet sometime later?
I think your run will only stop
once you have reached Delhi.
I was there, the other day.
Teen Murti Bhavan, Delhi.
I had a chat with Swami ji.
You also must have?
Manohar Jagmohandas Pherwani.
Member of Parliament. M.P.
Sounds good, sir.
Look as closely as you want.
Maximum payment has been made.
Only six crores remain,
and you'll get that soon too.
Happy?
[Harshad] 'You panic for no reason.'
I suggest, go on a picnic.
Let poor Sitaraman
also take a vacation.
[Harshad] 'Business is
religion to me, sir.'
'And the God of this religion
is Trust.'
A close friend once told me...
..."the most expensive thing
in the world is trust".
Cheap people can't afford it.
What took so long
in bringing the tea?
Please have, sir.
It is sweet today, right?
[cars honking]
I had asked you to
bring the driver along.
But no.
How much will you honk?
I am taking you for a drive,
not the driver.
Then, stop honking.
That's how it is these days.
There's always a noise
in my head...
...I can't even spend
a few hours with you in peace.
Thankfully, the noise
of your share market...
...doesn't reach our ears.
That's good.
Your dad is right.
I've been so busy with my work,
I've forgotten the taste of family life.
You've been taking advice
from my dad, haven't you?
[Harshad chuckles]
Wasn't it his idea,
to take me out for a play?
Yes.
That's why you are taking me.
I don't want to go.
Actually, I don't need to
watch this play at all.
The biggest drama queen
is sitting right beside me.
[Harshad chuckles]
We won't be able to
see it, anyway.
Late entry is not allowed.
And we are not going to make it
on time.
Everything is allowed
in Harshad's reign. Do you get it?
Harshad's rule, right!
We'll make it.
[vehicles honking]
- Once that car moves...
- Yes, honk some more.
- 'Sir! Sir, there's a call...'
-[audience laughing]
'Who is it?'
- 'Dad.'
- 'So. Talk to him.'
'Not my dad. Your wife's dad.'
'You mean, Babulal?
My father-in-law?'
- Yes.
- Don't take his name!
'What a useless share he has handed me.
No return, and no dividend.'
[audience laughing]
'Like my father has made a profit
By investing in someone like you.'
'Poor man. He misheard.
Your name is Bakul.'
'He heard Big Bull'.
That's why he made a mistake'
'You should be grateful
that I am not the Big Bull.'
'Or like him, I would have
swindled your father and run away.'
[audience laughing]
'He's still on the phone.
What do I tell him?'
'Tell that Babulal,
That the market is on a high.'
'But his share has dropped
to the ground.'
'Hang up now!'
'But where did he get
the funds to repay?'
The market is on strike.
Someone would have known if he
had done such a big deal elsewhere.
My sources are trying to find out.
But he hasn't returned
all the money yet.
SBI is silent on the matter.
Obviously, because
he's returning the money.
The matter will
be forgotten soon.
But what if this news
were to get leaked?
He's taken 500 crore rupees
from SBI without any BRs or SGL.
And now, he's returning the money
because he's been exposed.
It's not a small matter, AK.
He has conned SBI. It's a fraud.
And sooner or later, Harshad
will have to face the music.
He can even go behind bars.
If this news gets leaked...
...the entire market will be shaken.
Yes.
But...
...who will bell the cat?
Who will leak it?
'Do we have any friends
at SBI?'
[phone ringing]
[phone ringing continues]
Bellary.
[Theme Music Playing]